Update v1.1.0 (check CHANGELOG.md) (#2)
Zeraye/facebook-speech-recognition: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v1.1.0 (2021-08-31)

- Added

  - updates interval changed from `5000ms` to `1000ms`
  - button for returning to original voice message (only visually, button will be functional in the future)

> - Refractoring

Reviewer: Minor:

```suggestion
- Refactoring
```

>   - only needed cache is get from `browser.storage.local`

Reviewer: I would put it as:

```suggestion
  - only retrieve a single cache key from `browser.storage.local`
```

to sound more English-y

>   - `elementIsNotAudio` and `elementIsNotImage` changed to `audioElement` and `imageElement` (better readability and consistency)

Reviewer: IMO this conveys details that are too low-level :smile: I would just call it "refactor variable names"

Reviewer 2: Changes applied! 😄
